State of the Hung Truong Google Search Query, 3/2009
Published on March 29, 2009.
While it feels as though there’s not many Hung Truongs out there (I’ve never met another one), there actually are.
So I’m pretty protective of my Google query position for my name.
I haven’t been doing a good job of recording my past performance to measure against future performance, though.
So here’s my current standing on the top 10 results on Google for “Hung Truong” (I logged out to get these results).
Results 1 and 2 are this blog and my portfolio, respectively.
Sweet! 3 is Hung Truong on Facebook, but it’s not me. I wonder how Google arbitrarily picks a Facebook profile of a Hung Truong.
Oh well. I don’t need people finding my (private) Facebook profile anyway.
4 is my Twitter profile.
5 is a LinkedIn profile of a Hung Truong that isn’t me either.
6 is a link to a person wiki of some kind called “AboutUs.”
It’s basically an auto-generated wiki about my portfolio.
I’ll count this as one in my favor.
7 is a news story about the Hung Truong that killed a police officer!
Hopefully I don’t have to remind you, but that Hung Truong is not me !
8 is a weird PDF about a Hung Truong who broke some laws by selling herbal medicine.
Again, not me!
9 is a CNet page about me, my portfolio and Notecentric, for some reason.
10 is a page about a Dentist named Hung Truong.
So I have the top 2 results for “Hung Truong” and 5/10 results are about me in some way.
Not too bad!
Hopefully if anyone does happen to mistake me for another Hung Truong, it’ll be for the dentist or the wireless entrepreneur and not the cop killa!